#summary Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs).
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

===What is SMISDK?===
 SMISDK is a free (source code) Software Development Kit for applications in medical imaging. Please check the project main page for any licensing restrictions. Any derivative software and/or installer binaries may assess a minimal charge, but the source code is completely free.


===Can I use parts of SMISDK in a proprietary and/or commercial product, upon properly attributing the credits?===
 (As of 07/26/2009 01:16 PM PDT): The best answer to this question is contained in the definition of Apache 2.0 license here: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html. In short, the answer is: YES, but ONLY under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. If you use SMISDK in part or whole to create a new product, you MUST attribute the use of SMISDK by including the original Apache 2.0 license file and a notice along with your redistribution. You are also NOT required to include the modified source code in the redistribution. To confirm this and any other licensing restrictions, and the current license details, check the project's main page, or contact the admin at pixel.to.life@gmail.com.


===How can I obtain the source code?===
 Navigate to the source code page by selecting the 'Source' tab in the project's menu above. You will find instructions there.


===How can I build the source code for SDK?===
 Navigate to the documents folder in the repository using this link: http://code.google.com/p/smisdk/source/browse/#svn/SmiSDK/docs. From there, open the file with text SMISDK-Installation in its name, and follow the instructions.


===How can I build the source code for Examples?===
 Navigate to the documents folder in the repository using this link: http://code.google.com/p/smisdk/source/browse/#svn/Examples/docs. From there, open the file with text Readme in its name, and follow teh instructions.


===The current source code in the trunk doesnt build/is unstable. Where can I get a stable build?===
 Navigate to the downloads page using this link: http://www.shodhamitra.com/downloads. That is your source for any last stable/released installer binaries. Note that there may be a minimal charge for the installer kits. The source code is available for free via the 'Source' tab.


===I want to become a contributor. How can I join the development team? ===
 Email the admin at pixel.to.life@gmail.com with your affiliation, and intent. In most cases, the request will be approved and you will start contributing to the project within 2-3 days of your request.


===Can I link to this project's page from my webpage?===
 Sure. We encourage any/all efforts to spread the word. It's an opensource effort to free the best medical imaging software, and will surely benefit from being part of free discussions/blogs.